.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## PR Type

<!-- Select one and remove others. If an appropriate one is not listed, please write by yourself. -->

- New Feature
- Improvement
- Bug Fix

## Related Links

<!-- Please write related links to GitHub/Jira/Slack/etc. -->

## Description

<!-- Describe what this PR changes. -->

## Review Procedure

<!-- Explain how to review this PR. -->

## Remarks

<!-- Write remarks as you like if you need them. -->

## Pre-Review Checklist for the PR Author

- [ ] Code follows [coding guidelines][coding-guidelines]
- [ ] Assign PR to reviewer

## Checklist for the PR Reviewer

- [ ] Commits are properly organized and messages are according to the guideline
- [ ] Code follows [coding guidelines][coding-guidelines]
- [ ] (Optional) Unit tests have been written for new behavior
- [ ] PR title describes the changes

## Post-Review Checklist for the PR Author

- [ ] All open points are addressed and tracked via issues or tickets
- [ ] Write [release notes][release-notes]

[coding-guidelines]: https://tier4.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIP/pages/1194394777/T4
[release-notes]: https://tier4.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIP/pages/563774416

Commit message:

Add description of checkboxes to PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE (#1404)

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## PR Type

<!-- Select one and remove others. If an appropriate one is not listed, please write by yourself. -->

- New Feature
- Improvement
- Bug Fix

## Related Links

<!-- Please write related links to GitHub/Jira/Slack/etc. -->

## Description

<!-- Describe what this PR changes. -->

## Review Procedure

<!-- Explain how to review this PR. -->

## Remarks

<!-- Write remarks as you like if you need them. -->

## Pre-Review Checklist for the PR Author

**PR Author should check the checkboxes below when creating the PR.**

- [ ] Code follows [coding guidelines][coding-guidelines]
- [ ] Assign PR to reviewer

## Checklist for the PR Reviewer

**Reviewers should check the checkboxes below before approval.**

- [ ] Commits are properly organized and messages are according to the guideline
- [ ] Code follows [coding guidelines][coding-guidelines]
- [ ] (Optional) Unit tests have been written for new behavior
- [ ] PR title describes the changes

## Post-Review Checklist for the PR Author

**PR Author should check the checkboxes below before merging.**

- [ ] All open points are addressed and tracked via issues or tickets
- [ ] Write [release notes][release-notes]

[coding-guidelines]: https://tier4.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIP/pages/1194394777/T4
[release-notes]: https://tier4.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AIP/pages/563774416
